W-10849406: Add TLS 1.3 Compatibility info (#2175)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/tls-configuration.adoc

TLS is a cryptographic protocol that provides communications security for your Mule app. TLS offers many different ways of exchanging keys for authentication, encrypting data, and guaranteeing message integrity. This topic describes TLS as supported by Mule and how to configure TLS in Mule apps.

Mule runtime engine 4.x supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3*.

== TLS compatibility matrix

.TLS compatibility matrix
|===

> |TLS Version |Standalone|CloudHub|RTF

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|TLS Version |On-Premises|CloudHub|Anypoint Runtime Fabric
```

> |1.1 3+|Supported & enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|1.1 3+|Supported and enabled
```

> |1.2 3+|Supported & enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|1.2 3+|Supported and enabled
```

> |1.3|Supported but not enabled by default|Not supported|Supported & enabled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|1.3|Supported but not enabled by default|Not supported|Supported and enabled
```

TLS is a cryptographic protocol that provides communications security for your Mule app. TLS offers many different ways of exchanging keys for authentication, encrypting data, and guaranteeing message integrity. This topic describes TLS as supported by Mule and how to configure TLS in Mule apps.

> Mule runtime engine 4.x supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.1, 1.2 and 1.3*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Mule runtime engine 4.x supports Transport Layer Security (TLS) 1.1, 1.2, and 1.3*.
```

== TLS Compatibility Matrix

> TLS compatibility can differ by Mule deployment model and TLS version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TLS compatibility differs depending on the Mule deployment model and TLS version.
```

Reviewer: doesn't always differ by both...

Reviewer 2: can differ is loosey goosey :)
